We're here at the Student Action Summit in Tampa.
uh to my right before i tell you his name i gotta set it up.
A definition of a friend is when the whole world goes out, they come in. When we were in the middle of facing
restraining orders from the government and they were gonna shut us down and they were gonna cite us, me and a thousand congregants or visitors. yeah. we didn't have a friend in the world.
Awakened church down in San Diego shows up with Pastor Jurgen Metesius.
and this precious brother Sam dude
And these guys have been by our side since then.
and they have single-handedly awakened san diego and california now the united states. come on. you are brave, you are precious, and i love you.
And I love you, and I wanted everyone to meet Sam Dean. I love you, Pastor Rob. I love you as much as a man can love another man, but he'll be a man. Yeah, so yeah, it's a basic, it's a, it's a, it'
It's a mutual love. It's beautiful. Honestly, that feels like a world ago. A long time ago. But that was such a powerful moment. You guys...
You guys, I thank you for the kind words towards us, but you guys started it. You were the domino that got us stirred up. When we were in the middle of that fight, ready to relaunch,
We came up for a courage impartation visit and when literally when we walked in.
to God speak and you guys were open and not
It's social distancing people. We're like, we... And not dying. And nobody was dying.
We said we're all in, we leveled up at another level, and so we're so thankful for you. And we just keep believing that we're going to keep
Waking up other pastors and leaders. Okay.
I'm rubber, your glue bounce off me six to you. If you're gonna attribute it to us, I'll take the credit for being the match that lit the fuse to the Moab, the mother of all bombs.
Because Awaken has dropped the bomb on the nation of joy and courage. And you guys are doing it. And, you know, these men's retreats you're doing with Charlie and the kids.
And the connection with Charlie, and now everybody's coming to Student Action Summit. And we've got our pastor's summit coming up on August 10th to the 12th in San Diego. We picked this. I cannot wait. Yeah, come on.
And you're going to be there. Coronado. I can't wait to be there. It's going to be incredible. And, you know, every other pastor that may be tuning into this, I want to just encourage and echo what I know you always share is being
Be courageous. Be bold. Take the stand. Every single passer.
Who took the stand like you did like our pastors did we have seen growth impact reach at another level 400 for us what was your your
You're increasing.
I didn't do the math yet, and I don't want to do it live, but several thousand in the last, you know, once we opened up and went full on, we've grown by literally 3,000.
We baptized more people in a year than the attendance of the church was the previous year. Wow. And people say, well, you're not preaching the gospel to all political. They just don't know what we're doing.
I mean, everybody wants to make excuses. But I would say to pastors, look, you're scared. You were scared. I was scared. Yeah.
That's okay.
Just move forward in the fear and that's what courage is. Just keep moving. Do the right thing. And God overcomes it. Absolutely. I always feel there's a threshold.
You're going to bust that wide open and step into freedom. Now, I know you got another interview. Let's do this real quick. You were assisting Pastor Juergen, and now you're over 15.
You're overseeing one of the campuses. How many campuses are at Awaken and which one are you covering? Yeah, we have six campuses now. We have one in Salt Lake City, the other five are in San Diego, Canna County region.
And my wife, Katie, and I pastor our Carlsbad location called Bressie Ranch. It's beautiful. It's amazing. And it's been really, really a joy to see. How do the folks follow you?
I just want to follow you because you are a social media guru. Well, you know, I cause a little trouble. I love it. I cause a little trouble out there. Just my first last name, Samuel Du. Spelled the word.
No, because nobody knows how to spell Duke. D-E-U-T-H. There you go. Samuel, D-E-U-T-H, at Instagram, Twitter, Twitter.
You know, whatever. Everything. Truth.
Parlor, whatever, whatever's out there.
We're on there trying to bring the truth. All right, get to your next interview. I love you. I love you, Sam. And you bless me. Thanks, brother. Love you, too. Thanks for